1.  What is HTTP?
Hypertext Transfer Protocol is a protocol/standard for communication between servers and browsers.

2.  What is a URL?
A URL is a human readable name that corresponds to an IP address. 

3.  What is TCP?
Transmission Control Protocol provides a system of reliable, order, and error checked delivery of packets. 

4.  What is IP?
Internet Protocol is the unique address associated with each device that access the internet.

5.  What is DNS?
Domain Network Servers translate domain names(human readable addresses) into IP addresses, so computers can use them.

6.  What is idempotent?
An idempotent operation is one that will repeatedly produce the same result.

7.  What is a query string?
A query string is a collection of additional parameters provided to a web server,

8.  What is a path or route?
A path or route specifies the unique location in a file system.

9.  List four HTTP Verbs and their use cases.
GET - An idempotent operation that is designed for getting data from the server.
POST - A non idempotent operation that can create data on the server or otherwise modify data.
PUT - Technically idempotent, but commonly used for updating data that already exists on the server.
PATCH - Non idempotent and also used for modifying data on the server. 

10. What is a client?
A client is the computer (or server) where a request originates.

11.  What is a server?
A server is the location where the information resides.

12.  What is an HTTP request?
An HTTP request is a request for some information from at a URL

13.  What is an HTTP response?
An HTTP response is what's sent back from the server, to the requesting computer.

14.  What is an HTTP header?  Give a couple of examples of request and response headers you have seen.
An HTTP header is a means of passing in additional meta-information to the request.  Examples include cookies and caching information.

15.  What is REST?
REST is is an architectural style, and an approach to communications that is often used in the development of Web services. The purpose of REST is to provide a framework for creating fast, scalable and reliable APIs.

16.  What is JSON?
JavaScript Object Notation is a format for structuring data, used primarily to transmit data between a server and web application.

17.  What happens when you type "Hello World" in google.com and press enter?
In short, the request is sent to google servers.  Those serves process the words based google algorithms and return the generated list of results.

18.  What does is mean when we say the web is "stateless"?
The web being stateless means it does keep track of configuration settings, transaction information, or any other data for the next session.

19.  What is curl?
curl provides a library and command-line tool for transferring data using various protocols.

20.  Make a GET request to http://omdbapi.com/t=titanic using curl(your answer should be the curl command required).
curl -v 'http://omdbapi.com/t=titanic' \

